(upbeat music)
- [Lecturer] Let us take a look at the challenge
that you will implement as a part of this course.
You can build a pair of shopping cart services.
The first step will be to create a product service,
which will help you get all the product details.
So you have a product service,
which takes in input as the ID of the product
and the output will be the product details
like the ID, name, quantity.
You can also add other fields
like for example the name of the seller
who sells that product,
the country from where it is shipped, et cetera.
Once the service is in place,
the next step will be to create an add to cart service.
This service will check if the selected product exists
and then adds the product to the cart.
So what are the semantics of this?
There is an add to cart service,
which takes two inputs,
an ID of the product and the quantity of the product.
With this input,
the add to cart service will internally make a call
to the product service to find out
if the product with that given ID and the quantity exists.
If the answer is yes,
then the service should be able
to add that product to a cart.
If the answer is no,
then your service can just return
to the client with an appropriate response stating
that the product probably does not exist
or maybe the quantity of the product is no longer available.
So this is what you can do as a part of the challenge.